# Thursday, September 16th

Today I got totally dissed by Christine Coolidge. I asked her if she would be my lab parther for Science and she told me she already had a partner.

But then later on in the class I saw her walk up to Bryce Anderson and ask him if he would be her partner. I'm not surprised she went after Bryce because he is the most popular kid in our grade for something like three years running. But she didn't have to go and lie about it eigher.

It used to be a lot more simple with girls. Way back in the third grade, the deal was, if you were the fasted runner in your grade, you were the king. And in my grade, that was Ronnie Jones.

Nowadays its a lot more complicated and I'm sure kids like Ronnie Jones are sitting around scratching their heads wondering what happened.

Not only does Bryce Anderson get all the girls but he also has a big group of cronies that follows him around and basically worships every word that comes out of his mouth.

The thing that really stinks is that I have ALWAYS been into girls, but kids like Bryce have only come around to liking girls in the past couple of years. I remember how Bryce used to be back in fourth and fifth grade.

And of course now I don't get any credit from the girls for sticking with them for all this time.

Like I said Bryce is the most popular kid in the severth grade so that leaves al the rest of us scrambling to move up the ladder.

The best way to figure out how popular you are is to get a hold of one of the Slam Books that gets passed around. Basically they're notebooks where people put ranking down for most popular boy, most popular girl, best hair, cutest buff and all of that.

The problem with these books though is that they're in regular notebooks which only have 24 lines on each page. So people like me who don't make the top 24 have to guess where they rank. The best I can figure right row is that I'm somewhere around 32nd or 33rd most popular, but I think I'm about to move up a rank because Charlie Davies(who is a really nice kid) gets his braces on Tuesday.

What someone needs to do is start up a Slam Book with one of those yellow legal pads of paper, because thet have something like 32 lines in them so at least kids like me could get a better picture of where they stand. But the problem is that it takes a popular kid to start a Slam Book and I'm sure if I started one it would get filled out by all nerds.

Today I got a hold of a Slam Book and I was trying to explain all this to Rowley on the bus ride home, but honestly sometimes with him I feel like it's just in one ear and out the other.
