# Friday, September 17th

Tonight, Dad was showing me the newest stuff he added to his Civil War diorama in the basement, and I got to admit, it's pretty cool.

Dad's not like the regular kinds of dads you see on t.v., sitting around watching football and drinking beer and all of that.

Any free second he gets you can be sure he's down in his workroom painting his little soldiers or moving stuff around the battlefield trying to make it as accurate as possibe.

Dad would be happy to spent the whole weekend working on his diorama, but Mom usually has other ideas. Mom likes to rent these romantic comedies, and Dad has to watch them with her whether he wants or not.

A couple weeks ago when Mom rented one of these movies Dad tried to get clever and fake out Mom. When she got up to go to the bathroom, Dad stuffed a bunch of pillows under the blankets to make it seem like he had fallen asleep.

So Mom watched the rest of the movie and didn't catch on that Dad had made a decoy until the movie was over.

Dad was in the dog house for a long time after that one.

Another thing I should mention about Dad's workroom is that he is REAL protective of it. He keeps the door blted shut with one of those combination locks, so I hardly ever even get to step foot in there.

I don't even think Manny knows the diorama exists. I've seen Dad say some things to Manny to make sure Manny keeps clear of that part of the basement.

Rowley came over tonight, and Dad gets real edgy when Rowley's around. For some reason Dad has it in his head that Rowley is a klutz and that he's going to break something every time he comes over.

Dad told me about this nightmare he always has about Rowley ruining his battlefield in one klutzy move.

So every time Rowley comes over he gets the same greeting:

- THE BASEMENT IS OFF-LIMITS.
- YES,SIR.