# Sunday, September 19th

The sleepover at Rowley's last night ended up being a nightmare. The first hint I had that things were going to go wrong was when Rowley's mom told us "That's enough t.v. for the night" at 7:00.

I was like, "Well, what are we supposed to do now?" And she said

	YOU COULD READ A BOOK!

So of course I thought she was joking. But right when I was telling Rowley how I thought his mom was pretty funny she showed up again with her arms full with harms full of books.

I realized right then I was in for a pretty long night. Since the t.v. was off limits, video games were out, too. So I tried to think up ways we could keep ourselves entertained. I broke out some board games, but Rowley had to take a bathroom break something like every five minutes so it made ourgame of Risk go on forever.

Every time Rowley came back from a bathroom break he would run down the stairs and kick this giant sombrero across the room.

It was funny the first ten times or so but after a while it really started getting on my nerves. So this one time when he was upstairs I put one of his dad's dumbells under the hat to see if he would still kick it.

An sure enough, Rowley comes running down the stairs and gives the hat a big kick.

Rowley's dad was down the stairs in no time flat. I don't think Rowley knew I put the dumbell under the hat, but Rowley's dad seemed pretty suspicious.

Anyway I guess he didn't have enough hard evidence or he would have sent me home right then. I felt a little bit bad about doing what I did, but if you think about it, if Rowley's parents hadn't makes us turn off the t.v., this never would have happened.

At 9:00 Rowley's mom came down to say it was "lights out". If I would've known Rowley's bedtime on weekends was 9:00, believe me, I never would have come over.

And then I found out another ugly surprise: there was no guest bed, so I had to sleep in the same bed with Rowley! I tried to lay as far away from Rowley as possible, but it was inpossible to get to sleep with half of my body hanging off the bed.

Rowley fell asleep right away but it must've taken me two hours. But right when I finally started to drift off Rowley lets out this screen which scared me so bad I dropped right out of the bed and onto the hardwood floor.

Rowley's parents came running in and Rowley starts babbling all of this incoherent gibberish.

It turns out he had a nightmare that a chicken was hiding underneath him and that's what made him yell out. But I think Rowley was so out of it he didn't really realize it was just a dream.

So Rowley's parents took him into their room and spent the next twenty minutes calming him down and telling hin it was just a dream and how there really was no chicken.

	SNIFF REALLY?

Man, if I woke my Dad up with some nonsense about a chicken you better believe he wouldn't be giving me a big hug and telling me everything was O.K. But that just goes to show how different my parents are from Rowley's.

And I just wanted to make a note that nobody seemed all that concerned that I took a three-foot fall onto the floor, even though that happened for real and not just in some stupid dream.

I think Rowley spent the night in his parents' bed, which was just fine by me, because without Rowley and his nightmares I was finally able to get some sleep.

But the second I woke up this morning I came home and poured myself a big bowl of junk cereal and did my beat to forget about the whole experience. 











