# Monday, September 20th

I couldn't wait for school to be over with today so I could go home and play Twisted Wizard, a video game I've been playing for five days straight.

The only problem with Twisted Wizard is that you can't save your progress, so you have to just leave it on all the time. So imagine how I felt today when I realized I got home about five seconds too late.

	GREG MUST HAVE ACCIDENTALLY LEFT THIS ON...

	NOOOO!

Believe me, from now on I am going to put a piece of black tape over the power light so it never happens again.

I don't know if I've mentioned it before, but I am SUPER good at video games. I don't know anymore who has beat as many games as me, and I've got all my victoried on video tape to prove it.

Unfortunately Dad does nort exactly appreciate my video game skills. He is always getting on me about going outside and doing something "active".

So today I tried to explain to him that with video games, you can play sports like fottball and soccer and you don't even have to get all hot and sweaty.

But as usual, Dad didn't get my logic. He's a pretty smart guy in general but when it comes to commmon sense sometimes I wonder about him.

Anyways that's how I found myself shut out of the house this afternoon.

I'm sure Dad would dismantle my video game system if he could figure out how to. But luckily the people who make these things make them parent-proof.

	DAG NAB THESE FANCY GADGETS.

So like I said, I was shut out of the house looking for some way to entertain myself.

What I always do when Dad makes me go outside is I just go over to Collin's house.

I'm not a huge fan of Collin's but he has two things going for him. One, he doesn't mind watching me play his video games, and two, his dad has every Spider Man comic book since 1968.

	ARE WE BEST FRIENDS FOREVER?
	WHATEVER YOU SAY COLLIN!

I would go over to Rowley's house to play video games but he always wnat to "take turns" which really breaks my concentration.

Plus Rowley doesn't understand that if he plays using my memory card it will really screw up my starts.

The other thing about Rowley is that he's not a serious gamer like me. He's got this one racing game called Formua One Racing. If you ever want to beat him in it, just name your car something stupid and watch what happens.

	BRD FART AHEAD!
	BWAAHAHAHA!

So today I played Twisted Wizard over at Collin's until it was time to come home for dinner.

On my way up the hill I made sure to jump through the Thompson's sprinkler to make it look like I was all hot and sweaty and then I timed my entrance perfectly.

	WHEW!

So my trick worked on Dad but it kind of backfired with Mom because when she saw me, she made me take a shower before dinner.





