# Tuesday, September 21st

Dad must have been pretty proud of himself for his idea to kick me out of the house yesterday, because he did it again today.

I was actually going to go outside anyway because Rowley had gotten this new model rocket we wanted to try out. So we went down to the school and set it off. But the wind carried it all the way to the woods at the end of the football field.

I don't know if I ever mentioned it before, but there's a bully who hangs out in those woods named Herbie Reamer. Kids like me and Rowley stay as far away from those woods as possible.

It's a real pity, too, because like I said, it was a brand-new rocket.

	WANNA JUST GO HOME?
	YEP.

I have no idea how old Herbie Reamer is or where he lives. I guess it's possible that he lives right there in the woods like a wild animal. All I know is that he's been around long enough that he terrorized Rodrick and his friends when they were in my grade.

The thing that stinks is that Herbie Reamer's woods are right between my house and the school. So if we could cut through the woods it would save us somthing like twenty minutes of walking.

I was telling Dad all about Herbie Reamer the other day. Dad toled me about the bully from when he was growing up, Sam Sharman.

Dad said Sam Sharman dis this pinch where he grabbed your skin and twisted it around two times.

	TWIST

Dad told me the way all the neighborhood kids dealt with Sam Sharman was that they banded together and told the principal on him. Dad said Sam cried, and that he never did the Sam Sharman pinch again. And now he's an air conditioner repairman and apparently now he's a really nice guy.

Well, from the sound of Sam Sharman, he wouldn't last two seconds against Herbie Reamer. But I didn't want to hurt Dad's fellings so I just tried to act impressed by his story.

After we lost the rocket we went up to Rowley's to play cards. But I lost track of the time and I was late for dinner at my house. So on my way down the hill I tried to think of a good excuse to get me out of trouble with Mom.

Mom was pretty hot at me fro being late, just like I expected. So I told her that the clock in Rowley's kitchen must be wrong, and that I thought I was right on time.

And do you knoe what Mom dis? She called Rowley's mom and caught me red haned.

	HELLO MRS. JEFFERSON CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT TIME IT SAYS ON YOUR KITCHEN CLOCK?

So Mom was really mad that I lied. But as far as being tricky goed, Mom shouldn't blame me, because I learned everything I know from her.

I remember this one time when I was in the second grade and Mom couldn't get me to brush my teeth. So she made this pretend call to the dentist and I totally fell for it.

	HELLO, DR. STEVENS? DO YOU HAVE DENTURES FOR LITTLE BOYS? OH, ONLY WOODEN ONES? WELL, I GUESS THAT WILL HAVE TO DO, THEN.

In fact, that's when I started brushing my teeth five times a day.


Mom said she was going to think about what my punishment should be for telling a lie, and she'd let me know as soon as she came up with something that fit the "crime".

See, that's the difference between Mom and Dad. Dad is pretty simple. If you mess up in front of him, he just throws whatever is in his hand at you.

	GOOD TIME TO MESS UP:

	KICK

	BAD TIME TO MESS UP:

	KICK

But Mom's a lot more crafty with her punishments. She thinks about it for a few days, and the waiting ends up being just about as bad as the punishment.

In the meantime you end up doing all these nice things hoping it'll get you off easier.

	I JUST DUSTED THE DINING ROOM FOR THE HECK OF IT!

	HOW THOUGHTFUL OF YOU!

But then after a few days, just when YOU forget about the punisnment that's coming, that's when she gets you.

	ARE YOU HAVING FUN?

	YEAH!

	NO VIDEO GAMES FOR A WEEK!

The only good thing about Mom's punishments is that she's pretty soft. So if you just lay low for a while you can pretty much always get out of the punishment early.

	HAVE YOU LEARNED YOUR LESSON?

	YES

	O.K. THEN.

Anyway, that's what I'm counting on while I wait for this punishment to get haned down.




