# Thursday, September 9th

Today in Social Studies I scored pretty big. The teacher made us sit in alphabetical order so the way things fell out I ended up right next to Alex Aruda who is the smartest kid in the class.

He's super easy to copy off of because he always finishes his tests early and then just puts his paper on the floor next to him while he reads a science fiction novel or something.

Kids whose last names start with the early letters ALWAYS end up being the smartest because they get called on first. Some people think that's not true but if you want to come over to my school I can prove it.

I can only think of one kid who broke the last-name rule, and that's Peter Uteger. He was the smartest kid until the middle of the fifth grade.

That's when a couple of us started giving him a hard time about what his initials spelled every chance we got.

Now he doesn't raise his hand at all which makes way for other kids to step forward and take the smartest Kid title.

I feel a little bad about the whole P.U. thing because I'm one of the guys who started it. But it's hard not to take credit for it whenever it comes up.

I figured out another good thing about writing this journal: when I'm famous, I can cash in on it. I just have to remember to keep it away from Manny, my little brother.

If you have something valuable in the house, believe me, Manny will find a way to destroy it.

Back before Manny came along I remember I was all excited about getting a little brother. After all those years of Rodrick picking on me I figured it was my turn to be a little higher on the totem pole.

But being a big brother didn't turn out like I expected at all. Mom and Dad protect Manny so I can't pick on him, even if he does something to tick me off.

Plus, he's never gotten punished for anything, and believe me, he's deserved it a bunch of times.

Just the other day he somehow got into my room and used a bunch of magic markers to decorate my door. I thought Mom and Dad would really let him have it but as usual, I was wrong.

So now I'm stuck waking up to this horrible drawing staring at me every day. Mom won't let me point over it or even cover it up with a poster because she says it might hurt Manny's feelings.

The only good thing about getting a little brother is that now, Rodrick doesn't make me sell his stupid chocolate bars for school fundraisers any more.

The worst thing about Manny is that when he was real little he couldn't pronounce "borther" so he started calling me "Buddy". And Mom and Dad didn't make him call me my real name even when he COULD say it.

Luckily none of my friends have found out yet but I have had some really close calls.

# Words

单词|发音|释义
---|---|---
alphabetical|ælfə'betɪk(ə)l|adj. 字母的；[计] 依字母顺序的
initial|ɪ'nɪʃəl|n. 词首大写字母<br>adj. 最初的；字首的<br>vt. 用姓名的首字母签名
raise|reɪz|n. 高地；上升；加薪<br>vt. 提高；筹集；养育；升起<br>vi. 上升<br>n. (Raise)人名；(英)雷兹
step forward||走出，向前进；站出来
come along||v. 出现；一起来；陪伴；进步
pick on||挑选；捉弄；批评
totem|'təʊtəm|n. 图腾；崇拜物
pole|pəʊl|n. 杆；极点；电极<br>vt. 用竿支撑<br>n. (Pole)人名；(英)波尔；(俄)波列；(塞)波莱
totem pole||图腾柱；阶级，等级
tick off||v 用记号勾出；列举；简略地描述；<英口>责备；激怒
a bunch of||一群；一束；一堆
marker|'mɑːkə|n. 记分员；书签；标识物；作记号的人<br>n. (Marker)人名；(英、德、法、塞、瑞典)马克
poster|'pəʊstə|n. 海报，广告；招贴<br>n. (Poster)人名；(英)波斯特
fundraiser|'fʌnd,reɪzə|n. 资金筹集人；资金筹集活动
buddy|'bʌdɪ|n. 伙伴，好朋友；密友；小男孩<br>vi. 做好朋友，交朋友<br>n. (Buddy)人名；(英)巴迪

- [prev](2.md)
- [next](4.md)