# Monday, September 13th

Today I woke up and at first I thought it was still summer vacation, which is a really bad way to start a school day.

The new thing is that I have to fix Manny his cereal every morning while Mom gets ready for work. Manny takes his bowl and sits right in front of the t.v. on his plastic potty.

It's not like he's not potty trained but he got in the habit of doing this when he was two and he just never guit.

The worst part is that after he's done he dumps whatever he didn't eat right into the potty. And it's always me who has to clean it up.

Mom always gets on me about not finishing my breakfast, but if you had to scrape a bunch of Cheerios out of a potty every morning I bet you wouldn't have any appetite eigher.

Today at school we got assigned to Reading groups. I was looking forward to finding out which group I was going to get put into because I wanted to see if a big plan I hatched at the end of last year was going to work.

Now, they don't come right out and tell you if you're in the hard group or the easy group, but you can figure it out right away by looking at the cover of the books they give you.

I was pretty mad to find out I got put in the hard group today, which meant my plan failed. I was hoping to get in the easy group because they only have to read about a tenth of the stuff that the kids in the hard group have to read, and there's a whole lot less homework.

At the end of last year I did my best to muff up my screening test to make sure I didn't get put in the hard group.

Another thing I did to make sure I didn't get put in the hard group was to make sure I didn't try to hard on my end-of-the-year essay.

They make you do this four page paper at the end of the year which is another way they figure out how to place you.

I'm guessing Mom stepped in and made sure I got put in the hard classed, because she knows the principal of the school.

Mom's always saying how I'm a real smart kid but I just don't "apply" myself.

You might wonder why I'd want to get put in the easy classed since I probably deserve to be in the hard classed, but I have a pretty good answer for that.

If there's one thing I learned from Rodrick, it's to set people's expectations real low so you end up surpring everyone by just doing almost nothing at all.

In fact he did something on Friday that totally proves my point.

Anyway I guess I'm glad my plan didn't work because I noticed at least two of the kids in the Bink Says Boo group were holding their books upside down, and I don't think they were joking around.

































