# Tuesday, September 14th

Today at lunch I got to listen to Albert Sandy brag about how his parents bought him a 36-inch t.v. and a DVD player and a bunch of other stuff for his bedroom.

It really makes me mad because my whole goal this summer was to save up for a t.v. so I didn't have to hang out with the rest of my family and watch what they want to watch all the time.

So I spent the whole summer taking care of Mr. and Mrs. Rose's dog while they were on a trip.

The deal was that I had to go over to their house twice a day to take their dog Stevie out, and I was supposed to get three bucks a day for doing it.

The big problem with Stevie is that I guess he is totally shy when it comes to going to the bathroom in front of strangers so I wasted a whole lot of my summer standing there waiting for this stupid dog to hurry up and go.

So I'd wait and wait and nothing would happen, so I'd just go home. But EVERY time I came back to the house later on Stevie had made a mess in the kitchen. I finally figured out Stevie was just holding it until the coast was clear.

In fact one day I tried on experiment where I left and then came back five minutes later, and sure enough Stevie had pooped right on the kitchen floor.

And it's not like I didn't give the dog a chance to go. The Roses have satellite t.v. and tons of junk food so I basically spent three hours a day on Mr. Roses La-Z-Boy with the air conditioner on full blast.

So this one day I finally fogured out it was a big hassle to clean up this dog's mess every single day, so I decided to just save myself some time and clean it up at once.

I let things go for about a week. Then, the night before the Roses were supposed to get back I headed up the hill with all my cleaning stuff.

And wouldn't you know it? The Roses came home a day early.

To make a long story start I didn't get paid a single cent, not even for the days I did my job like I was supposed to. So hearing Albert Sandy bragging about his t.v. just reminded me how I got stiffed and put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day.



































